== Consequences ==
Consequences are immediately written into Mom's binder.

== Calm Household ==

We all agree that we want to live in a calm house with minimal drama. Therefore, we all agree to these two rules:

1. Children may not yell or cry irrationally.

Consequence:
  * A parent must request that the child goes to his room.  The parent reviews the rule with the child to give the child a chance to comply.
  * If the child does not immediately go to his room, the child will not have screen time for the rest of the day.
    - This means: no slamming doors, no yelling out excuses, no kicking walls, no making the fit even worse, no crawling, no baby stepping, no hurting people along the way, no defamation of property, and the like.
  * If the fit continues, the parent will start a timer. For every minute that the fit continues, the child will not be able to have screen time another day.
  * Once the child is in their room and not heard by those downstairs, the consequences will stop.
  * The child may come down from their room when they deem they are calm.

2. Parents may only yell when there is threat of immediate danger.

Consequence: They must get off of social media for the rest of the day. The child must say, "You are hurting my eardrums right now; please stay off of social media for the rest of the day."

== Hygiene ==

We want to be clean and responsible so our private matters don't have to become the business of others in the house.

1. When you need to go poop, go
2. When pooping use baby wipes and throw them in the trash instead of the toilet, then toilet paper
3. Don't move out of the bathroom until the toilet paper is clear
4. Take a shower if there is a problem

Consequences: 

If a parent smells a child, the child must take a shower immediately.

The child takes poopy underwear to the garage if they have poopy underwear.

If parent finds poopy underwear in the room, then the parent will take away a day of screen time for every pair of poopy underwear they find.

